  
  Git Interview Question and Answers and commands:
  
 1* How to Create a git repository and what happens once you create a repository :->
   To create a git repository or to initialize a git repository, you use the command called "git init"
   and once you use git it, ".git" folder will be created in the directory, and .git directory helps us to
   manage our project effectively.
   
 2* What is the reason we use GIT? :->
    git provides us versioning which allows users to track and manage changes overtime making it easier to
	understand the evolution of the item and to revert to previous versions if necessary
	using "git add" to track and stage files and "git commit" to commit staged files
	and using "git push" to push all entire code to your remote repository. 
	
 3* How do you move files from your local repository to remote repository:->
    i use "git add to add files to staging && git commit -m "commit message" to commit staged files to your 
    local repository && git push to push all committed changes to remote repository" these are the commands i use to
    facilitate my workflow day-in day-out in my organisation. 	
	
 4* How do you pull a code from github to your local terminal? :->
    We use command "git clone <url>" if its the first time we are pulling the repository and git pull if we already have
    the local version of the repository to pull a code from the git remote repository.
	
 5* How do you clone your code? :-> 
    clone is a process to download our code from GitHub using git clone command via HTTPS or SSH.
	
 6* Whats the difference between Clone and Fork? :->
    A "clone" creates an exact copy of a repository, including all of its history, branches, and commits.
    It's typically used in centralized version control system like Git.

    On the other hand, a "fork" also creates a copy of a repository, but its more commonly used in 
	distributed version control systems like GitHub. When you fork a repository on GitHub, you're creating 
    a copy in your own GitHub account, which you can then modify independently. Forks arae often used 
    for contributing to open-source projects or experimenting with changes without affecting the original
    repository.
    clone equals to remote to local while fork equals to local to local.
	*Clone is used to download a specific repository while fork is used to create a copy of a repository.

 7* Whats the difference between "git merge and git rebase"? :->
    Git merge keeps the commit sequence intact by combining the histories of two branches into a single branch.
    Git rebase on the other hand, rewrites history by putting changes from one branch at the begining of another 
    resulting in a more organized, linear project history. 	
    
 	
	
